hey whats up guys Grady here bringing
you a medal of honor gameplay now I was
using the m4 with red dot and I did not
show the first minute of the film
because first min of the film was just
me trying to flank him didn't work out
so well and gave me an early death so I
went ahead and picked it up from the
location when the action starts starts
picking up big-time ended up getting a
nice little spawn trap here everybody
just kept coming out like crazy so what
I ended up doing was once i got the
mortar strike because i put it on that
exact same spot and what do you know i
ended up getting a quad with frickin
mortar strike I mean how how awesome is
that but yeah if you guys are hearing
any music in the background it's
actually from the London Bulgarian choir
so if you guys like it feel free to go
check it out it's good stuff they have
amazing voices amazing style from
Bulgarian nation get stuff um but yeah
from here it looks like I went ahead and
decided to do a nice little flanking
maneuver I put the next mortar strike in
the exact same spot i did the first time
and instead of just getting a quad i get
5 people out of that so worked out
amazingly well can't really complain too
much I ended up flanking I'm trying to
get behind their spawn maybe get some
more free kills things were kind of
looking up don't know what to say about
this is a little bit a little bit slow
here I think I was hoping or expecting
them to maybe get flushed out the other
side and come up right in front of me
see I got an easy kill right there
people people aren't even paying
attention to me they're sitting there
just waiting for people to try and pick
them off from our spot and unfortunately
I didn't see that guy laying there in
the mine shaft that's actually a big
spot for campers from what I could see
and I know this game play was produced
within the first hour hour and a half of
me playing but I still felt it was nice
a nice gameplay or at least nice enough
to share with you all could have been a
lot better I expect I expect better
gameplay in the future once i get used
to this shit but still fun times
as you can see here I mean with the with
the recoil spread and everything else a
nice nice little controlled bursts and
shots you could sit there and
practically use the m4 as a sniper rifle
so it's pretty effective just don't hold
down the trigger you can usually get
them get them in like two or three burst
it's pretty effective I think in the
future I'm gonna probably be putting
more sniper gameplay than anything
because I'm really starting to love the
m24 and the m21 you know I really don't
count that as a sniper I consider that
more of like an overpowered semi-auto
rifle which is still amazing in itself I
mean it's basically two shots for each
kill you can shoot them in the feet
doesn't really matter but yeah the m24
amazing gets tough one shot one kill
you're not going to get the quick scopes
that you did in modern warfare 2 and
rest of the call of duty series but it's
still effective in itself I mean it
makes the sniper be more of a support
player like they're supposed to be in
real life I mean I guess I guess that
makes the game a little more realistic I
can't really say as much but yeah right
here some guy tried to hide in the mine
shaft again that same camping spot I
tried to drive him out didn't work out
so well pulled out the 84 and
fortunately his teammate intercepted me
but I did get the 84 kill off the guy at
the mine shaft so wasn't too bad and I
think when this game is all said and
done I finished with a score of 26 and
for I don't think you're going to see
see you too much from this I think the
game's pretty much over from this point
because it looks like I already got the
26 kills so yeah I'm running around
running around like crazy don't know
what I'm doing just waiting for the game
to finish I guess and as you can see my
team won easy victory fun times and yeah
leaderboard should come up here shortly
should confirm the 26 and four but yeah
what you guys think if you guys like the
commentary feel free to like the video
favorite it leave a comment hopefully
things will turn out better next
commentary that you guys later but